Now that you've completed all of the lessons,
let's pause for a second to congratulate you.
That was a lot of material to take in, great job.
Now, let's turn to the course project.
You'll use a different set of virtual machines to complete these exercises.
However, the setup will be the same.
The project is scenario-based,
you are the new security analyst at
DFI and we're going to go through your first two weeks on the job.
You'll connect to the environment and perform a security audit.
You will recommend new firewall and IDS rules.
From there, you'll recommend VPN encryption
and demonstrate the use of that rest encryption.
Finally, you will recommend areas to automate and
summarize all of this and report to management. You've got this.
更多新版课程跟代码还有一对一VIP服务请加wx：udacity6